How you doing?
Good to see you.
How's everybody?
Gwen: Hi, guys.
Oh, my gosh.
The boots with the tee.
I want to go shopping
with you someday.
Niall's here.
God, you're cute.
Look at those pants.
Saunter.
It's almost like a --
You look almost like
a sailor guy. I love it.
I just want
Gwen's boots.
I'm giving you the fishnets
and the boots.
And the boots!
Oh, my God.
Get a shot of them, guys.
John: Her boots might bite you,
so don't cross her.
You know, I've been
trying to use my steal,
and it seems no one
wants me to use it.
Because every time I try,
I fail.
We love when you fail.
It's so fun.
Yeah.
I'm glad you guys
are enjoying yourselves...
[ Laughter ]
...because I am frustrated!
[ Laughs ]
John, you've got
such a great team.
We're just doing
everything we can to keep up.
I got the revenge steal
coming at you, John.
Well, Niall's already stolen
somebody from Team Legend.
**
I'm gonna go with Niall.
John: Oh!
What do you have left?
I have both.
Both?
I'm just happy you guys
are using up your saves
'cause maybe I can finally
get my steal.
This is your time, John.
This is your time.
Finally.
I'm for sure getting one.
Let's let John get one.
Wynonna, are you
having a good time?
I am. Being here has been
so good for my spirit.
Good.
We get to sit here and be
inspired by some great artists.
I know.
We're gonna have fun today.
You're gonna be great.
You're gonna -- We are gonna be
great. It's gonna be fun.
And we're gonna be sitting there
watching each other.
Of course.
We've got Deejay,
Lila, and Stee.
Mm-hmm. Lila, Stee.
Deejay is from Florida.
He's a performer.
He can dance.
He can do anything.
Wow.
Lila is
such a great musician.
She's from
the Pacific Northwest.
And then Stee --
he's gregarious.
He also has
an amazing voice.
Oh, wow.
And he's from
South Carolina.
John: Each of these artists
have real individuality,
and I'm excited to see
what songs they chose.
Hey!
Oh, snap.
John: Look who's here!
We got two legends
in the building.
The legend herself.
Lila: Oh, my gosh!
Deejay: Seeing
Wynonna Judd there...
I want Wynonna
to be my auntie.
Wynonna, please adopt me as your
nephew 'cause you're so sweet.
Lila: I was so excited.
She's a crazy celebrity
that you dream about
and a strong woman
with years of experience.
It's pretty surreal.
[ Chuckles ]
This is exciting.
It's the three-way knockouts.
Wow.
Yeah.
You get to pick
your own song
and really show America
who you are.
It's rough because only
one of you can win the knockout.
We do have a save,
and we do have a steal.
Be save-worthy,
be steal-worthy.
So, who's gonna go first?
I'll be the first victim.
Deejay!
Take one for the team, Deejay!
You mean victor.
Yeah, victor!
Deejay,
what song did you choose?
I chose "Breakin' My Heart
(Pretty Brown Eyes)"
by Mint Condition.
Oh! Mint Condition.
Oh, you're going
back to my youth.
Me, too.
Yeah, my era of R&B.
* Pretty brown eyes *
I was in a singing group
back in Tampa.
Everywhere we went,
people would say,
"You guys remind me
of Mint Condition."
And I thought
that was really cool.
It's in the era of R&B soul
music that I grew up singing
and a genre that I definitely
would like to be in.
Also, this was the last song
I sang on a stage
before I left on tour
with "Hamilton."
To come back and sing the song
again in front of coaches
that have been in this industry
for a long time,
I'm excited about that.
* Here comes my darling *
Sing that song!
What the heck?
Wynonna:
Deejay gave it so truthfully,
and I'm just so invested
in this show now.
It has brought me
to a new place
of appreciation
of all these gifts
from the next generation
of greatness.
Mm!
Good Lord.
Alright.
Instead of doing the
"Here comes my darling" twice,
I would do
* breakin' my heart *
* Girl got me cryin'
all inside *
Okay.
That's like a money part.
Yeah.
Like, we need
to hear that.
Yeah, I agree.
It's too much of a good thing,
and I like it.
[ Laughter ]
She got quotes.
I feel like a lot of your lines
are actual songs.
[ Laughter ]
They are, kinda.
Your voice
sounds crazy good,
but I don't like
when it's too ad-libby
without having
a purpose.
It should be,
this is intentional melody.
Deliberate --
get out of your head
and into your heart
kind of thing.
So, enjoy yourself because
I'm a Judd, not a judge.
[ Laughter ]
You know what to do.
Thank you.
Deejay sings
with such precision and power.
It's insane.
I want to win this knockout
so badly.
I definitely have my work
cut out for me.
* Just yesterday morning *
I'm singing "Fire and Rain"
by James Taylor.
It definitely brings out
the artist that I want to be.
The old school
singer-songwriter,
folksy, soulful
rock 'n' roll thing.
**
Mic check time.
In the months
leading up to blinds,
I was just hustling, playing
my gigs, working on my record,
and I've clocked so many hours
playing those gigs
in bars, in hotel lobbies,
and now I get to show it
to these mega-celebrities.
It's pretty wild.
* But I always thought
I'd see you *
Wynonna: Lila brings me back
to watching James Taylor
sing that song and weeping,
and I just felt her honesty.
She's got a classic voice,
and it's really easy
on the ears.
It's wonderful.
We need it.
So good.
Yeah.
I need your voice
in my life.
[ Laughs ]
I got my eyes closed.
I'm sitting on my porch,
which is one of my favorite
things to do.
And you would be
what I play.
Thank you.
It's gorgeous.
I love that you do some very,
like, unexpected riffs, too.
That's what's so exciting.
It honors the classic,
but it shows me who you are.
And if you could time
your last vocal
so it's kind of landing right
when the end of that note is,
that'd be lovely.
Yeah. Cool.
I'm always
about sticking the landing
so the audience
can be like, "Aaaah!"
You know, tell them
when to cheer, basically.
I love that, Lila.
Fantastic.
Aaah! Thanks.
Lila is one of a kind.
She tells a story
with her voice.
You tore that up.
Lila: Come on, Stee.
To go up against these two,
it definitely makes me nervous,
and I've got to bring it.
I decided I was gonna do
Maxwell, "Pretty Wings."
Ooh,
I love "Pretty Wings."
* Time will bring the real... *
I've had a great relationship
where I knew what love was
way too early in my life.
I just wasn't
really ready for it.
And I had to let her go
and let her move on.
* Remember me *
With this performance,
I have to make sure
that I'm conveying
these emotions
and making them feel it,
because that's what
it's really all about.
* Pretty wings *
My first two songs were showing
the performer in me.
I wanted people to see
that I could have
a great time on stage,
but with this song,
I really want people
to get a deeper view into
who I am here in the knockouts.
I just was leaning forward,
going, "What?" the whole time.
Like buttah.
It's so freaking good.
You really sound great
in every aspect of your voice.
My only concern is the last
two-thirds of the performance
feels like it's ad-libbing,
but it needs some structure.
You're the lead singer,
and I want the lead singer
to still carry the song
so that people can focus on you,
and not just
this mass of sound
that's coming from the band,
the backup singers.
I got you.
You want to be
the focus of attention.
Wynonna:
I loved every minute of Stee.
He chose a very
challenging song.
He is just the package deal.
He is the full meal.
He's got it.
You got a great team.
I love them.
I'm so proud of them.
Our team is crazy.
Aww!
Thank you.
This is gonna be
a tough decision.
All of these artists
are remarkable singers.
Think about,
"How do I go out there
and just be awesome
in who I am?"
Yeah.
That's it.
Thank you.
Give me hugs.
I think the key for each
of these artists
is to have their best moment
on stage.
It's going to be a matter
of when the pressure is on,
who delivers in the moment.
That's who's gonna win
the knockout.
[ Cheers and applause ]
John: Alright, alright, alright,
alright, alright.
Let's go! Let's go!
**
Whoo!
Bring it on!
With "Breakin' My Heart
(Pretty Brown Eyes),"
here's Deejay Young.
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
* Pretty brown eyes *
* You know I see you *
* It's a disguise,
the way you treat me *
* You keep holding on
to your thoughts of rejection *
* If you're with me,
you're secured *
* Mmmmm *
* You keep telling me
that your time is always taken *
* But I keep seeing you
out alone *
* Out alone *
* Pretty brown eyes *
* Yeah *
* Listen to love *
* Your heart is pounding
with desire *
* Waiting to be unleashed *
* Quit breakin' my heart *
Whoo! Come on!
* Breakin' my heart *
* Pretty brown eyes *
* Yeah *
* Breakin' my heart, ooh, ooh *
[ Laughs ]
* Breakin' my heart *
* Pretty brown eyes *
* Ohhhhhh *
* Here comes my darlin' *
* Breakin' my heart, yeah *
* Here comes my lovin' *
* Got me cryin' all inside *
* Ooh, ooooh *
* I'm talking 'bout you,
I'm talking 'bout me *
* I'm talking 'bout
I'm down on my knees *
* Whyyyyy? *
* Ooh *
[ Chuckles ]
He gave it to them.
Gave it to them!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I love Lila.
She's so good.
And now, with "Fire and Rain,"
here's Lila Forde.
**
* Just yesterday morning,
they let me know you were gone *
* Suzanne, the plans they made
put an end to you *
Whoa! I love her.
* I walked out this morning
and I wrote down this song *
* I just can't remember
who to send it to *
* I've seen fire,
and I've seen rain *
Yeah!
* I've seen sunny days
that I thought would never end *
* I've seen lonely times
when I could not find a friend *
What the hell?
* But I always thought
that I'd see you again *
* I've been walking my mind
to an easy time *
* My back turned
towards the sun *
* Lord knows
when a cold wind blows *
* It'll turn your head around *
* Well, there's hours of time
on the telephone line *
* To talk about things to come *
Yeah!
* Sweet dreams
and flying machines *
* In pieces on the ground *
* Oh, baby, oh, I've seen fire,
and I've seen rain *
* I've seen sunny days
that I thought would never end *
* I've seen lonely times
when I could not find a friend *
* But I always thought *
What?
* I'd see you again *
* Fire and rain *
Whoo!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Yes, Lila!
She's so good.
So good.
Gwen: She is so good.
She's so good.
Go, Stee!
Show them
what you're working with!
[ Laughs ] That smile!
My friend John.
[ Laughs ]
Now singing "Pretty Wings,"
here's Stee.
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
* Time will bring
the real end of our trial *
* One day there'll be
no remnants *
* No trace, no residual
feelings within ya *
* One day you won't
remember me *
* No, you played me dirty,
your game was so bad *
* You toyed with my affliction *
* Had to fill out
my prescription *
* Found the remedy,
I had to set you free *
* Away from me *
* To see clearly
the way that love can be *
* When you are not with me *
* I had to live *
God!
* I had to leave *
* I had to live *
* Free to fly *
* Pretty wings, pretty wings *
* Your pretty wings,
your pretty wings *
* Pretty wings, ooh *
* Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooooooh *
* Yeah, baby *
Whoo!
* Pretty, Pretty wings *
* Your pretty wings around *
* Somebody's gonna love you,
pretty, pretty *
* Prettyyyyyy *
* Pretty wings,
your pretty wings around *
* Yeah, ooh, ooh *
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
[ Laughs ]
Stee!
* Pretty wings *
Wow, wow, wow.
Yes!
Deejay,
what a powerhouse.
Your choreography, your stage
presence, your vocals.
Dope.
[ Laughter ]
Niall: Whoo!
Yes, Reba!
Didn't expect that,
did ya?
And, Lila,
oh, my gosh.
That song's one
of my all-time favorites.
And you sang
the crap out of it.
Mm.
It was just wonderful.
Thank you.
Whoo!
Stee, what a voice
you have, also.
Thank you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
All three,
very talented.
For my choice,
I would go with Lila.
Mm.
[ Applause ]
Thank you.
Deejay, something
different this week.
It allowed you to show off
who you are as an artist.
You look like a proper
powerhouse out there today.
Lila, I couldn't be a bigger fan
of you if I tried.
I've already bought your record,
and you haven't even
signed with anyone.
Everything that you've
put your hand to
has just been perfection.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Now I completely get Stee.
You looked the most comfortable,
the most confident.
The emotion you put into it
felt like it was your record.
I love Stee!
[ Laughter, applause ]
Deejay, you're like,
"Let me show you what I can do."
[ Laughter ]
And it's remarkable,
shocking, insane.
It was really, really good.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Wow, Stee, all you have to do
is come up and smile on stage,
and we fall in love with you.
And that song was just, like,
a really great choice
to show that serious side
of what you do.
You all are so incredible.
But when Stee finished and
kind of did that whip around,
it was like, "Okay."
Just kind of like
a "drop the mic" moment.
[ Applause ]
Daly: Alright, John, what'd
you think of the knockout?
Everyone's commented in a way
that makes me know
that you all picked
the right songs
for who you are as artists,
which is wonderful.
And it makes me
very proud.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Deejay, you're such
a great stage performer.
I bought
every move you made.
You were ready to show us
all of you,
and you showed it today,
and it was so dope.
I really, really loved it.
Thank you so much.
Lila, every round, you just
show us how creative you are.
Every musical deviation you made
from the original version
was just so sharp
and clever and cool,
and I'm just thoroughly
impressed by you.
Thank you, John.
Thank you.
And, Stee, there's a lot
of hopping around
between your voices
in that song,
and if it's not done
with a certain level of skill,
it can be like a landmine of
places a singer could trip up,
and you just...
smoothed your way,
Fred Astaire'd your way
through the landmine
with such skill
and confidence.
We've seen you
in various expressions.
This finally felt like it
all came together
in a way
that felt authentic.
Thank you.
Daly: John, you got
a tough one here.
Who is the winner
of this knockout?
[ Dramatic music plays ]
The winner
of this knockout...
**
...is Lila.
Oh, my gosh. Wow!
Lila Forde,
congratulations!
You're moving on
to the playoffs!
John: All the coaches
are salivating over Lila.
Everybody wants to hear
a Lila record.
You're incredible.
She's so musical,
so creative, so artistic.
She needs to keep going
in this competition.
Absolutely incredible.
Lila: Thank you, Niall.
Heart rate's increasing,
and I'm really proud of myself.
So good. Love it.
Thanks, Gwen.
I'm going to the playoffs.
Let's go, Team Legend. Whoo!
Coaches, let me remind you that
Deejay is available to steal.
Deejay, anything you want
to say to John?
John, you have been
such an incredible coach.
I'm so grateful for you,
for sure. So, thank you.
Give it up for Deejay Young
one more time, everybody!
John:
I'm sad to see Deejay go home.
We only have one save,
and I'm gonna use it
when I think it's the right
artist for Team Legend.
Carson!
Stop trying to take
my job, yo.
[ Laughter ]
Coaches, let me remind you
that Stee is also available
to steal or save.
Wow! Immediately,
a steal from Gwen Stefani!
Gwen: Stee is just
a flawless singer.
Hey!
[ Laughs ]
He went boom, boom.
I wanted him
since the blinds.
He just exudes
this amazing positivity and joy.
Oh, my God!
I'm so excited!
Gwen,
you are the best.
Somebody tell me
what's going on.
'Cause there's no way that I
have Stee on my team, and I do.
I can't wait to work with you.
I've watched you forever.
And there's so much that I want
to pick your brain about.
Congratulations
on your greatness.
Oh, thank you so much.
I can't wait to see
what's gonna happen next.
Yes!
He killed it.
I just got a good one!
My team is shaping up
to be incredible,
and I'm so in love
with each one of them.
I love your energy.
I love your voice.
I love your truth.
Thank you.
And I think you are,
in some ways,
the most, I think, original
person that's on the show.
* 'Cause I know you *
* And you know me *
I think
on those big notes,
maybe just open up
a little bit more.
Well, it's easy to get tight.
Yeah, like a compression.
You feel like you have
to go harder.
You don't have to go harder.
Yes, ma'am.
It's not about
level of 10.
It's sometimes a 2 or 3
can pull me in.
Conway Twitty used
to sing "Hello Darlin'."
Oh, yeah.
And the women were crazy.
I'm excited.
I want to believe it.
You just shock me
every time I'm around you.
That's what I'm here to do,
Gwen.
Yes! [ Laughs ]
You got to keep me around.
* Oh, man, it's getting
kind of hard for me *
* To do the right thing here *
* I want to do the right thing,
baby, yeah *
* Sun on your skin, 6:00 a.m. *
* And I've been
watchin' you sleep *
* Ooh *
* Honey, I'm so afraid
you're gonna wake up and say *
* That you should
probably leave *
[ Laughs ]
* Oh, I know you *
* And you know me *
* And we both know
where this is gonna lead *
Bias, it's really rare
to have someone
that just has
this kind of "it" factor.
Your vocal is so great,
but you don't even
really pay attention to it.
You're just paying
attention to you.
And that's what
an artist is.
The winner of this knockout
is Bias.
Bias,
congratulations!
[ Cheers and applause ]
He's great. He's great.
I love him.
What I like about Bias' voice
is that he has
this soulful quality to it,
and he can do runs.
He's country,
and he kind of surprises you
with some of the choices
that he makes.
I love you.
Thank you, Gwen.
It's really gonna be hard to
compete against his star power.
See you, guys.
Appreciate y'all.
Bias won my heart.
I thought, "Man.
That is somebody
who I-I would like to watch
every night on stage."
Where he gets his energy,
I have no idea,
but [chuckles]
it's just incredible.
Daly: Still to come...
* I'm wanted *
* Wanted *
Daly:
...a knockout so incredible
that Wynonna joined in.
I heard Wynonna singing
the answers over there.
* And I'm wanted *
That just gave me
chills and tears.
* Get out right now *
Yes!
* It's the end of you and me *
Daly: And later...
Oh, shoot.
That's the best knockout
I've ever seen on this show.
...more impossible decisions...
Oh, my God, I hope
I don't regret any of this.
...and the most steals
and saves ever.
A save!
Another steal!
Aaah, come on!
[ Laughs ]
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly:
Welcome back to the knockouts.
Niall: Hello, Team Niall.
Congratulations, everybody,
on making it to the knockouts.
-Thank you.
It's gonna get exciting now.
The next grouping is...
**
...Noah...
...Huntley...
and Claudia.
Ooh!
Noah: Let's go, guys.
Let's put on a show.
I was not expecting
to hear my name after that.
I truly was not expecting
this pairing at all,
which scares the crap out of me.
I'm gonna go start practicing
right now. [ Laughs ]
Shay:
Alright, guys, Team Niall.
This is a taste of what we're
gonna have to do next season.
We love "The Voice."
We're huge fans.
We love working with
the next generation of artists.
There's so much talent out there
that comes through this show.
We love it so much that we're
coming through to be coaches
on Season 25 of "The Voice"
in the first-ever double chair.
I just love how Niall
looks out for us,
even though he's out on tour
and he's doing his thing,
that he left us in good hands.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
So, we've been
on a group text with Niall,
we've FaceTimed with Niall,
we've talked about what we're
looking for in the knockouts,
and, man, he was not lying when
he said his team is incredible.
Team Niall is stacked.
The playoffs are up next.
The pressure's on. It's crazy.
Come on down!
The big doors
are opening...
No way!
Let's go.
Wynonna, what is up, dude?
Oh, my God!
Huntley: Having Dan + Shay there
standing next to Wynonna,
it just blew my mind.
Oh, my God.
It is so nice to meet you.
Noah: Wynonna --
she's a legend in country music.
I've been to see her in concert.
I've played Dan + Shay songs
at gigs and weddings
and stuff like that.
So, I mean, it was really cool
to sit in there with them.
Niall speaks very highly
of all of you,
and I cannot wait to hear
what you guys got.
I'm fired up.
Having three people
in this round,
it's feeling much more real
that a big chunk of people
are unfortunately
gonna be sent home.
Daly: We've got a steal!
[ Cheers and applause ]
In this performance,
I really want to show Niall
that he made the right choice
stealing me.
Alrighty.
Just imagine
that it's Christmas time.
Snow is falling,
and Wynonna's there.
[ Laughs ] I know.
No big deal.
No pressure at all.
I'm singing "Don't Know Why"
by Norah Jones.
* I waited till I saw the sun *
This song was actually
the very first song
that I played by ear
on the piano.
* Don't know why
I didn't come *
Norah Jones
is absolutely brilliant.
Why did you choose
this song?
I gig in Nashville,
and every time someone's like,
"Play your favorite song,"
it's this one, so...
This is one of my favorite
albums of all time.
I know.
When my wife and I
first met,
we listened
to this album on repeat.
I still do.
I want to show
my jazzy ballad side,
so I'm hoping
to showcase something
that the coaches haven't heard
from me so far,
and I'm hoping John regrets
letting me go [laughs]
when he hears me play the piano.
Wow.
Whoo!
Every goosebump
that can be goosed is goosed.
It's bumping.
You are a singer's singer.
Mm.
I could genuinely
listen to you sing...
Oh, my God.
...all day.
One more song!
You've got something
that's rare -- that breathiness.
You are what I listen to
when I'm not singing.
I'm in love with you.
I don't have any notes.
That's the greatest
compliment ever.
Thank you so much.
My only suggestion,
only note...
Yeah.
...is when you get
to that stage,
try to stay
super locked into the band
'cause your pitch, everything
you're playing is perfect,
but it's just about making it
sound like a cohesive unit
for the folks
watching back home.
They're gonna close
their eyes
and feel like
they're listening to a record
if you get
locked in like that.
Do you live in Nashville?
Yeah.
We're gonna come see you.
We're gonna get that schedule,
and we're gonna come.
Please do!
You're incredible.
Don't go changing anything.
You're a phenomenal talent.
Amen.
I was completely blown away
by Claudia B.
Her tone was so pure,
and her piano chops
were incredible.
It was the perfect
song choice for her.
She's gonna go far
in this show.
You're not ready for what's
next. I'll tell you that.
Huntley:
Claudia, she's a contender.
At this point of the show,
everyone's such good singers,
it's nerve-wracking.
I'm sorry, Wynonna.
I might scream.
I like loud.
Are you kidding me?
Making it to the playoffs
would definitely give me
a lot of validation.
Huntley, you just look
like a badass dude.
You do music full time?
I'm a full-time dad
and musician.
I play gigs three to five
times a week.
I love being a dad more
than anything in the world,
so it's pretty cool
to maybe get an opportunity
to make everything work.
Dude, you're here.
Team Niall.
Meant to be, man.
This is awesome.
And I'm doing "Dead or Alive"
by Bon Jovi.
Let's freakin' go.
* And I walk these streets *
This song is about an artist
that has nothing
but a half tank of gas
and his guitar
strapped to his back,
just chasing his dream.
I'll be playing gigs
until 2:00 a.m. at night
and have to drive home an hour
just to make ends meet.
* 'Cause I'm a cowboy *
* On a steel horse I ride *
* I'm wanted *
* Wanted *
* Dead or alive *
Noah: When you hear Huntley,
you know it's Huntley.
It's loud.
It's in your face.
He's the opposite of me.
He is an extrovert,
and I'm an introvert.
It can be
a little intimidating.
That was so sick, dude.
I have one note for you.
Yes?
I need you
to give a little more.
Okay.
That was a joke.
If you give more,
my head's gonna explode.
[ Laughter ]
I heard Wynonna
singing the answers over there.
Oh, I was singing the answers
like I'm in the band.
If you ever need somebody
to do harmony, you call me,
and I'm very serious
about that.
Thank you. It'd be an honor
to sing with you.
Well, duh.
[ Laughter ]
I love Huntley.
I think we can all agree
that he's fire.
[ Mouths words ]
The answer at the end there,
the "wanted,"
I wonder if he could grab that,
like you just did it.
Yeah.
* And I'm wanted, wanted *
Yes!
Okay.
I think that's
the big moment.
Just give us one.
Okay.
'Cause we're
all singing it.
Yep.
When I would listen
to this song as a kid,
there's a line in this song
that inspired me.
"I've seen a million faces,
and I've rocked them all."
That line still moves me
to this day.
What I want you
to do on that line,
I want you to look dead eyes
into that camera,
'cause there's gonna be some
kid at home watching that line,
and you're gonna inspire them
to want to pick up a guitar.
That's so cool to think
about it like that, bro.
Shay:
When you get in that moment,
your braids are, like,
just looking sick,
you're gonna look like
a video game character.
Just -- It's gonna be
so fire.
I'm trying to bring Vikings
here to "The Voice."
Huntley was unbelievable,
dude.
I feel like he had such
a unique tone to his voice.
Bon Jovi fits him
so good.
Good stuff, dude.
Thank you, buddy.
You got this.
He's gonna do great
in this show.
Just a good dude.
You root for him.
What are you gonna
sing for us today?
I'll be doing "Where Rainbows
Never Die," The SteelDrivers.
Love it.
I picked this one
because it tugs
on the heartstrings every time.
Huntley: You guys are
going to be blown away, dude.
Thank you.
This dude's amazing.
I love all the friendships
on Team Niall.
We're pretty tight.
That's what
it's all about, man.
* I'm an old man now *
* I can't do nothing *
My dad introduced me
to this song.
When I started playing gigs,
I couldn't drive yet
'cause I was 15.
So, we've spent
a whole lot of time together
throughout the years,
sitting in the car,
listening
to music on long rides.
My dad's been there for me,
always set me up for success,
and it's a really cool
relationship to have with him.
This song connects
with the type of music
that I want to put out there --
country, bluegrass.
It hits close to home for me.
I'm from a close-knit community,
small town,
and I'm hoping to go out there
and make them proud.
* I will make my way
across the fields of cotton *
Man, he's so good.
I love his tone.
Wynonna: If I were Noah
and I was walking
into a group like this,
I would be really nervous.
There's loud and powerful
and drama,
but his voice,
it cuts right through.
We need you.
Means a lot
coming from you.
And I'm gonna cry
because the world
is so full
of noise and chaos.
We need this
to break through the BS.
And that's
what you do to me.
Well, thank you.
[ Chuckles ]
My best advice to you is don't
be anything that you're not.
Yes.
Be the guy that you are because
it's awesome, it's infectious.
You have this moment
a-and thinking of these lyrics.
"But in my day,
I sure was something."
Like, I'd love to see,
like, a little bit of
a smile right there.
Yeah.
As you're thinking
of these lyrics, just react.
Yeah, for sure.
Noah was the silent killer.
He's from Virginia.
He's, like, big
into Appalachian music.
And there's just such
a great scene of country music
coming out of there
right now.
I love the way that he was
connecting with that song.
I feel like he could be
a sleeper in this one.
I agree.
Couldn't be more different.
It's awesome.
And that's what's so great
about this show.
It reestablishes my faith
in the music business.
Shay: It's a beautiful thing.
Well, I'm excited for you guys,
man, and I feel very confident
in y'all's performances.
All three of these artists
are unbelievably talented.
And I think they're all gonna go
far in the music industry.
I know this is gonna be
a really tough decision.
I'm trying to put myself
in Niall's shoes, literally.
I've actually been staying
at his house in L.A.
These are Niall's shoes.
Horan's hooves.
All: Team Niall!
Honestly, I would not want to be
in his position right now.
There's just
too many good people.
But he does have a save.
So, there's life to maybe
save somebody on his team.
But I still do not envy
that choice.
Niall's got his hands full.
Yeah, he does.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly:
Welcome back to the knockouts.
Niall: Here we go.
It's Team Niall time.
I'm very nervous.
I know how good these three
performances are gonna be,
and I'm scared.
Decision time.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Oh, she's playing
the pin-ano.
Pin-ano!
With "Don't Know Why,"
here's Claudia B.
**
Whoo!
* I waited till I saw the sun *
Yeah!
* Don't know why I didn't come *
* I left you
by the house of fun *
* Don't know why I didn't come *
* My heart is drenched in wine *
Oh!
* Do-do-do, do-do, baby *
* You'll be on my mind forever *
* Out across the endless sea *
* I would die in ecstasy *
Whoo.
* But I'll be a bag of bones *
* Driving down the road alone *
Yes, Claudia!
* My heart is drenched in wine *
Whoo!
* But you will be on my mind *
* Forever *
* Something
has to make you run *
Sing, Claudia!
* Don't know why I didn't come *
* I feel as empty as a drum *
* I don't know why
I didn't come *
* I don't know why *
* I didn't come *
Yes, Claudia!
Whoo!
Thank you.
I love the way she went,
"Thank you."
That was so good!
Whoo!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Now with "Wanted Dead or Alive,"
here's Huntley.
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
* It's all the same *
* Only the names have changed *
Whoo-hoo!
* Every day it seems
we're wasting away *
* Another place *
* Where the faces are so cold *
* I'd drive all night
just to get back home *
* And I'm a cowboy *
Whoo!
* On a steel horse I ride *
* I'm wanted *
* Wanted *
* Dead or alive *
* And I walk these streets *
* A loaded six-string
on my back *
* And I play for keeps *
* 'Cause I might not
make it back *
So good.
* I've been everywhere *
* Oh, yeah,
and still I'm standing tall *
* I've seen a million faces *
* And I've rocked them all *
[ Laughs ]
* 'Cause I'm a cowboy *
Hey!
* On a steel horse I ride *
* And I'm wanted *
* Wanted *
* Dead or alive *
Hey!
* 'Cause I'm a cowboy *
* I've got the night
on my side *
* And I'm wanted *
* Wanted *
* Dead or alive *
* Dead or aliiiiive *
Whoo!
Whoo-hoo!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank y'all.
Thank you so much.
Yes, Huntley!
Oh!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
That man.
He's a bad man.
* Wanted *
[ Cheers and applause ]
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly:
Welcome back to the knockouts.
[ Cheers and applause ]
What's up, bud?
Yeah!
Now singing
"Where Rainbows Never Die,"
here is Noah Spencer.
Whoo!
**
* I'm an old man now *
* I can't do nothing *
* Young folks
don't pay me no mind *
* But in my day,
I sure was something *
* Before I felt
the heavy hand of time *
Alright.
* I will make my way
across the fields of cotton *
* And wade through muddy waters
one last time *
Yeah!
This is crazy.
* Oh, and in my dreams,
I come out clean *
* When I reach the other side *
* Waste away the sunsets *
* Where rainbows never die *
Oh, my God!
* I've got one last thing
to do *
* One more mile
before I'm through *
* Casting off
these earthly chains *
* Going where
there's no more pain *
* I will make my way
across the fields of cotton *
How are you
gonna decide, Niall?!
* Waste away the sunsets *
I don't know.
* Where rainbows never die *
Whoo!
* I'm an old man now *
* I can't do nothing *
* Young folks
don't pay me no mind *
[ Cheers and applause ]
So good!
Niall:
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
Someone do something here,
please.
Niall Horan,
how are you gonna do this?
You need to help me.
Guys...
You made me cry.
This is impossible
because it was incredible.
Claudia, my gosh,
your instinct and your tone
and just your artistry.
Thank you.
I've just enjoyed
it so much.
Thank you.
Huntley, have you ever sang
out of tune in your life?
[ Laughs ]
It was so good.
I'm shocked that you're not
already on the radio.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
And then, Noah,
you have something
that is very, very rare.
You're so authentic.
I think that you have a huge
career just outside of the show.
I do not know
what Niall's gonna do.
Claudia, we've worked together,
obviously.
You've been
on Team Legend,
but this was the first time
I felt like I got to see
the full you
in all of your glory.
The musicianship, creativity.
I absolutely loved it.
Thank you so much, John.
It means everything. Thank you.
And then, Huntley,
you're so thoroughly perfect
and excellent
every single time.
All of that that you're doing,
keep doing it.
I appreciate that, man.
You don't even know.
I feel like I just became
a Noah fan today.
This moment, this performance,
it was gorgeous.
Thanks.
I can't believe Niall
has to choose between you three.
All of them
deserve to continue.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I agree, dude.
Thank you.
Claudia, you sounded
so much like Norah,
and then you took off
on your own style.
I enjoyed it even more.
I'm a huge fan.
And, Huntley,
that song started
and I said,
"Wow, what a perfect choice."
'Cause you look like you're
coming out of a Viking movie.
[ Laughter ]
It's just
always wonderful
to listen to you
and watch you perform.
And then, Noah,
I guess the thing I miss most
is sitting on the back porch
of my home,
and you made me feel
that warmth,
like I was sitting
on that back porch
in my porch swing.
It just gave me chills
and tears when you said that.
Yeah.
It's so true.
It means a lot
coming from you.
First time it's made me homesick
in a while.
It really made me
feel something.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
So...
[ Applause ]
So, with that in mind,
I'm gonna pick Noah.
Daly:
Thank you, Coaches.
Niall, what did you think
of the knockout?
I didn't think it was possible
to sweat through a black shirt,
but I'm giving it
a good go today.
That's the best knockout
I've ever seen on this show.
Claudia, that was magic.
Thank you.
It felt like it was in a corner
of a jazz bar somewhere.
John was, like,
nearly standing on his chair.
I was like,
"Ooh, ooh, oh! Hmm."
[ Laughter ]
It was really,
really special.
This is your wheelhouse.
Yeah.
Huntley,
when you were in the dark,
it looked like
The Undertaker from WWE.
I'll take -- I will take that.
I will take that.
The way you're able
to hold your energy back
and make it dynamic,
it's really special.
Thank you.
And, Noah, the growing
that you are doing is insane.
Thanks, man.
You made the Queen cry.
I'm just so proud
of you, man.
Thank you.
Something special just happened
in these three performances
that I really, really,
really hope
that none of you
have to leave here.
I have zero idea
what I'm gonna do.
Niall, who is the winner
of this knockout?
[ Sighs ]
[ Dramatic music plays ]
Um...
the winner
of this knockout...
**
Oh, my God. I hope I don't
regret any of this.
The winner is Huntley.
Huntley,
congratulations!
That means you're moving on
to the playoffs.
I've never sweated
so much in my life.
That was a tough,
tough decision.
I chose Huntley as the winner
because he is consistent.
He rips the roof off the place
every single time.
The gravel in his voice,
the tone.
I think for the playoffs,
we're gonna have to get
this roof reinforced.
Playoffs! Let's go!
Coaches, let me remind you
that Claudia is available
to steal or save.
Claudia, anything you want
to say to your coach?
Claudia: I wish we got
more time to work together.
This has been
the time of my life,
and I feel like I finally
got to show you guys
a little bit of what I do
and who I am.
I just want to say thank you.
Whoa! Whoa!
Yes! Oh, my God!
We've got a save!
and a steal!
Yes!
Oh, my God.
I'm gonna cry.
The choice is yours. Who do you
want to hear from first?
Let's hear from John. I'm gonna
make Niall sweat a little bit.
I'm just kidding.
[ Laughter ]
John?
Too late for that.
Claudia, I feel like
I really understand
the style of music
that you want to do,
and I feel like I can really
help you get there.
So, that's all
I'm gonna say.
Daly: Niall, what do you
have to say?
Today we found out the record
you're gonna make.
Mm-hmm.
What you're up to
is on a different planet.
Thank you.
Please just stay
with me.
[ Laughter ]
Daly: Claudia,
it is all up to you.
Who do you pick
as your coach?
[ Dramatic music plays ]
This has been
such a roller coaster.
I was just crying,
and now I'm, like,
the happiest girl ever,
you know?
[ Laughter ]
[ Audience shouting ]
Yeah, I'll just get to it.
Um...
**
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly:
Welcome back to the knockouts.
Claudia,
it is all up to you.
Who do you pick
as your coach?
Claudia: Um...
[ Audience shouting ]
I adored working
with you, John,
but I haven't had
enough time with Niall.
And I'm gonna stay on Niall.
There it is.
Claudia remains
on Team Niall.
Alright!
We'll see you
in the playoffs.
Niall: When I heard Claudia
play the piano
the way she did,
sing so beautifully,
I had to press the button
and save her.
I just wanted to impress you.
I'll be honest.
[ Laughs ]
Sorry, Johnny boy.
You should have never let
Claudia leave in the battles.
She's all mine now.
I've been
in this position twice,
so I feel really,
really grateful
to still be here
and have my journey continue.
Coaches, let me remind you
that Noah is available to steal.
Noah, anything you want
to say to Niall?
Noah: Thanks for everything,
man. You've been a great coach.
And this whole experience,
all you guys, like...
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoa, John Legend!
We got a steal!
Yes! Come on!
Yeah!
Here comes another steal...
This is crazy.
...from Queen Reba.
John:
I'm pushing this button
because you earned it
out here on the stage.
Thanks, man.
And I know Reba
is right at home
in the genre that you love.
She's the queen.
But I would absolutely love
to work with you.
It was so beautiful.
Thank you so much, man.
Noah, I wanted you
from the very beginning.
I love your country style
of singing.
I love the gravel
in your voice.
Dang, I'm getting
choked up again.
Oh, no.
I don't know -- I just --
I want you on my team.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, two
passionate pleas.
Noah,
what a difficult decision.
Who do you pick
as your coach?
Surprise the world, Noah.
[ Laughter ]
Shake 'em up.
I want to thank both of y'all
so much.
But, uh...
[ Dramatic music plays ]
I got to make
the hometown proud.
I'm going with Reba here.
There it is!
Queen Reba steals Noah
from Team Niall!
Congratulations, Noah!
Isn't that nice?
Daly: We'll see you
in the playoffs.
Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
Reba:
I wanted to steal Noah
because he fits my team
really well.
I don't think we've touched on
a fourth of his talent yet.
I can't wait to see
what he's gonna sing next.
It means the world to get
the chance to work with Reba.
She's a legend, and I think that
she can help me out a whole lot.
It's just nice to be
with somebody
that's country for a change.
I agree 100%.
Hey!
[ Laughs ]
Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
We're gonna have fun.
And I'm just so excited
to get to work with you.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Dang. [ Laughs ]
Y'all getting
A-plus performances today.
I hope you appreciate
what you're getting.
[ Applause ]
I'll use a steal
sooner or later.
Ruby: I'm super excited.
I can't wait.
Rachele: I'm nervous.
Honestly, you're the last person
I expected to see.
And when I saw it,
I was like, "Oh, God."
And then when I saw you,
I was like,
"Okay, so now
this is a double whammy."
For this knockout,
I grouped together
Ms. Mont, Rachele, and Ruby.
Ms. Mont --
she's a very great,
mature, big voice.
Wynonna: Okay.
Rachele, 17.
Wow.
In the battle rounds,
she just blossomed.
Wow.
And then Ruby,
she came out singing
"I Want to Be
a Cowboy's Sweetheart."
Really?
All four chairs turned.
Oh,
I like Ruby already.
Yeah.
Let's bring them on out.
Aaah!
Wynonna!
Rachele: Oh, my God!
Hi!
Ruby: I saw Wynonna Judd,
and I kind of screamed
a little too loud.
I mean, you're ruining
your cover, Ruby. [ Laughs ]
Oh, my gosh.
Hi, Reba!
Ms. Mont:
This is crazy.
How are y'all doing?
Ruby:
But working with two icons
is something I never thought
would happen.
The amount of knowledge that
they have, it's just incredible.
So, it was really, really cool.
I'm singing "Best of My Love"
by The Emotions.
Love that.
Why did you pick it?
It's a good personality song
to show who I am,
and you can't help but smile
when you sing it.
* Doesn't take much
to make me happy *
I sing gospel and R&B
and pop music.
This song is a representation
of who I am as an artist.
My mother was a vocalist,
and she actually had
a record deal
when she was 19 years old,
but she wasn't able
to do that record deal
because of my grandfather.
He was like,
"If you're not singing gospel,
you're not singing anything."
So, she lives vicariously
through me.
* Whoa, whoa *
My mother allowed me
to be the artist
and the woman that I am.
That's why I haven't given up.
That's why I haven't stopped.
* You've got the best
of my love *
* Goin' in and out... *
Reba:
Ms. Mont is a powerhouse,
and I think
she picked a great song.
She knows how
to command attention.
She did a really good job.
I was very proud of her.
Yes, that was so good.
Ow!
We need your womanness.
Uh-huh!
The only note I have
is we're your audience.
Just bring it to us.
Yes.
Yes, I'm with you.
Sometimes I get back here,
and I close my eyes,
and I'm stuck
trying to get it right.
Yeah.
Joy, just let it come.
Yeah, have fun.
And make sure
your breath is deep,
coming from down in here,
because the more
you give me of the "unh"...
Yeah.
...the more I love it.
When Ms. Mont sings,
Ms. Judd listens.
What a velvety voice.
She's seasoned,
and I connected with her
'cause I think
as we get older, as women,
we think maybe
are we not as relevant?
But I think
this could be her time.
Rachele: Watching Ms. Mont,
I was like,
how am I gonna compete
with that?
What am I gonna do?
Just sing!
Rachele: There's two people
going home,
and even though
there are steals,
I do want to try
and actually win this knockout.
I could have never done
a show like this at that age.
I was too shy.
No.
I just admire you already.
Thank you so much.
What you singing
for us today?
"Die From a Broken Heart"
by Maddie & Tae.
Ooh.
I listen to every type
of genre of music,
and I really enjoy
country pop.
It's a new, like,
experience for me,
just to sing a country song.
* Mama, can I come... *
But every round,
I kind of want to up my game.
* This weekend or next *
And this song,
I can relate to it so much.
* How does he sleep... *
At my age, we call it girlhood.
We're all just, like,
trying to figure out ourselves
and going through
a phase of heartbreak.
* Mama, can you die
from a broken heart? *
In this song, it talks about
"Can you die
from a broken heart?"
She feels like her life is over.
And I've been
through that before.
Oh.
Very good.
I just want to hug you.
Just wow.
Thank you.
Oh, you sweet,
sweet spirit.
The only part I heard
was the high note.
Squeeze your butt.
Do whatever it takes
to help
just a little bit
more of an execution.
I didn't know about
squenching your butt.
Yeah, it helps a lot.
I'm gonna try that.
[ Laughs ]
Let me try it right now.
Alright.
Now, here's one more thing.
Whenever you take a deep breath
before your next line...
Yes.
...I saw that on your face.
You got to be an actress.
You got to...still get
into it.
Reba: Rachele, I was surprised
by her picking a country song
'cause she's a little more pop,
but I think it just
fit her really well.
She's 17, and already
I've seen her grow so much.
She needs to keep
that confidence,
and she'll do well.
* How does he sleep at night? *
Ruby: Rachele got up there
and sang this country song
and absolutely killed it.
It was like, okay,
now I got some competition.
I'm putting my gloves on,
and I'm walking in the ring.
I'm singing "Blue"
by LeAnn Rimes.
Love that song.
Me, too.
Gosh. What was she,
12, when she did that?
I think she was 11.
Wow.
* Bluuuue *
This song shows off my yodeling.
But it shows that I can also
sing high and low.
* ...for you *
I was 11
when I learned the song.
I'm like, she was 11.
I can do it, too. [ Laughs ]
So, it's like I have to try it.
I played it for my dad
all the time.
Like, I'd sing it
like seven times in a row,
and I'd be like,
was that one good?
This one, this one?
* Bluuuue *
Ruby is 16.
Oh, my gosh.
[ Laughs ]
She obviously reminds me
of a Patsy Cline.
Something there
is very spectacular.
And I think
she's got such a future.
She's unique in a way
that country music needs.
* Me *
[ Laughter ]
That is so gutsy.
I admire you so much.
I got goosebumps.
Thank you.
As the mega mentor...
Yes, ma'am.
...I say amen because we need
this kind of music.
Double amen.
Make sure
that your low notes
are just as healthy
as your high ones.
* Over you *
She's the master of that.
When the band starts,
you get in character.
Don't do anything that makes us
think that you're happy.
I'm sorry.
You make me happy, Reba.
[ Laughter ]
I mean, this was good
on another song.
I liked it, actually.
But it took her
out of the song.
Mom used to get mad at me
for doing stuff like that,
and that's why I did it.
See?
She's an ornery kid.
Nuh-uh.
I tell you what,
can we do it again?
And I want to see
the difference.
Okay, Mom.
[ Laughter ]
Reba: Ruby is bringing back
old-school country.
* Now that it's over *
So much better.
Love it.
Wynonna and I were
just thrilled to death
to hear that she's got
a great break in her voice.
And she's totally different
from anybody in the competition.
[ Laughter ]
You are so proud of yourself.
It's gonna be
real interesting
to see who rises above
because they're all three
very great singers.
They're different
in their own right.
I got the best team ever.
That's gonna be hard to decide
between those three ladies.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Ms. Mont! Whoo!
Bring it on!
Singing "Best of My Love,"
here is Ms. Mont.
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Come on!
* Doesn't take much
to make me happy *
* And make me smile with glee *
* Never, never will
I feel discouraged *
* 'Cause your love's
no mystery, yeah *
* Demonstrating love
and affection *
* That you give so openly,
yeah *
* I like the way ya make me
feel about you, baby *
* Want the whole wide world
to see *
* Whoa, whoa *
Come on!
* You've got the best
of my love *
* Whoa, whoa *
* Whoa, yeah *
* You've got the best
of my love *
* Best of my love, ooh, yeah *
Hey!
* Whoa, yeah *
* You've got the best
of my love *
Listen.
* Goin' in and out of changes *
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
* The kind that come around
each day *
Hey!
* My life's got
a better meaning *
* Love has kissed me
in a beautiful way *
* Ohhhh, in my heart *
Yes.
* You're all I need *
* Me for you, you for me *
* Ooh, ooh *
* Yeah, our looove *
* It's growing every day *
* Whoo-ooh-ooh-ooh *
* Do-do, do-do *
* Ahh *
[ Laughs ]
Hey!
* Yeah, yeah, yeah *
* Whoo *
* Got the best of my love *
Whoo!
* You've got it, yeah *
* I'm giving you the best
of my love *
* Whooooo *
* Do do, do do, do do *
* Ahhhh *
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Laughs ]
I love Ms. Mont.
Ms. Mont!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
There's something
in the air today.
Oh, my God.
Now with "Blue,"
here's Ruby Leigh.
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
* Bluuuue *
* Oh, so lonesome for you *
* Tears fill my eyes
till I can't see *
* 3:00 in the morning *
[ Laughs ]
* Here am I *
* Sitting here so lonely *
* So lonesome I could cry *
* Bluuuue *
[ Laughs ]
* Oh, so lonesome for you *
* Why can't you be blue
over me? *
**
* And now that it's over *
* I realize *
* Those weak words
you whispered *
* Were nothing but lies *
* Bluuuue *
* Oh, so lonesome for you *
* Why can't you be blue
over me? *
* Why can't you be blue *
* Over meeeeee? *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Let's go!
What is happening?!
[ Laughter ]
I know it.
[ Cheers and applause ]
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly:
Welcome back to the knockouts.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Now with "Die From a Broken
Heart," here's Rachele Nguyen.
**
[ Vocalizing ]
* Hey, Mama, how do you get
a red-wine stain *
* Out of your favorite dress? *
* Black mascara
off a pillow case? *
* Cure a one-too-many
headache? *
* Mama, can I come and maybe
stay a few days *
* This weekend or next? *
* And, hey, how do you get
a red-wine stain *
* Out of your favorite dress? *
* How does he sleep at night? *
* Mama, the nerve of this guy *
* To leave me so easy *
* Am I gonna be alright? *
* I wanna kick myself
for falling so hard *
* Mama, can you die *
* From a broken he-a-a-art? *
* From a broken heaaaart *
* I wanna kick myself
for falling so hard *
* Mama, can you die *
* From a broken
he-a-a-a-a-art? *
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
[ Laughs ]
Ladies, that is insane.
What all three of you did
was so good.
Ms. Mont.
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Yes, ma'am.
She is a badass, this woman.
[ Laughs ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
Everything you do
is just so tasteful,
cool,
hit with just perfection.
So good, Ms. Mont.
Thank you.
[ Applause ]
Rachele, I feel like you stepped
it up big time this week.
You really brought the emotion
and, as per usual,
a flawless vocal.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And, Ruby, you are
on a different planet.
It's amazing what you do
with your voice
and the power
that comes out of it.
This is not an easy decision.
Everybody is so strong.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Ms. Mont,
I'm just wondering
who's gonna massage your feet
after that performance.
Girl.
Because, like, you were leaping
in those shoes.
[ Laughter ]
To be able to be
that captivating?
It was really, really
well done.
Rachele, your tone
and everything about
how you sing is beautiful.
I loved it so much.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Ruby, everything about you
is original,
yet you remind us
of something so classic,
and it's just incredible,
your instinct.
I think that Ruby, for me,
is probably the winner.
Okay.
[ Applause ]
Ms. Mont,
you've always been excellent,
but this was like
a tour de force.
Whew.
How can someone sing
this well
and do all the things
that they're doing?
It's like Beyonc
can do it.
Like, a few people can do it,
but not very many.
Flawless.
[ Cheers and applause ]
And then, Rachele.
It just felt really expressive
and confident.
You sounded amazing.
I was very impressed by it.
Thank you.
And then, Ruby, it's like
you're from another planet.
I don't get it.
Like, how at 16,
your voice has this power
and roundness.
And you're so perfect
for Team Reba
on her first season
on "The Voice."
You guys were a match
made in heaven.
All three of you were just
the best we've seen you.
Rachele: Thank you.
Thank you, coaches.
Alright, Reba,
first, what'd you think
of that knockout?
You three ladies
are absolutely incredible.
Ms. Mont, all of the things
that you did on stage
were tasteful.
That whistle note, you did it,
and you just went on,
and you just completely
slayed us all.
And, Rachele, you have grown
so much in your talent
and your stage presence.
You're just like
a little sponge.
You're wanting to know,
how do I improve?
And you definitely have.
Thank you so much.
[ Applause ]
Ruby,
I love your voice.
I can't wait to hear
you sing Patsy Cline songs
with your break
in your voice.
It's just that cry.
It's that earnest,
"My heart has been broken.
Here it is."
All three of you,
I'm so proud of you.
No matter what happens,
you are all three winners.
Thank you.
Daly: Reba,
the time has come.
Who is the winner
of this knockout?
[ Dramatic music plays ]
**
The winner of this knockout
round is Ruby.
Ruby,
congratulations!
[ Cheers and applause ]
You are moving on
to the playoffs for Team Reba!
Reba: Ruby reminds me
of old country.
We need that tone,
that yodel, that country feel.
You took all the notes
that Wynonna and I gave you,
and you used them.
Ruby:
It's such a great feeling.
I'm so excited to go
to the playoffs.
I can't wait.
You are so good.
Niall: I would have stolen
Ms. Mont if I had a steal.
Every single time
she comes out here,
she puts on ridiculous
vocal performances.
Don't quit singing.
No, I won't.
You're just
too good to stop.
Yes.
I just wish there was some way
that we could keep them all.
At least bring them back.
It's just so hard
to send them home.
That was amazing.
Breaks my heart.
Everybody just, like --
just killed it.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
Gwen: How you feeling?
Good?
Wynonna:
I'm so overwhelmed.
I know.
I just feel it,
you know?
Yeah.
I just -- I'm thinking,
what would I do
if I was standing here
and we were sitting there?
What would I do?
I know.
And look how good
they handle it.
It's amazing.
They handled it so well.
Look who's here, you guys.
Wynonna!
Hi!
I'm pretty sure
my heart stopped.
How are you?
Hi, Kristen.
To get to be face to face
with her is an honor
that I'm never going to forget.
We brought in
the big guns.
Yeah.
As you can see.
Kara: Seriously!
She has such good advice.
She's done everything --
Twice.
Yeah.
[ Laughter ]
So, let's do this.
Okay.
Yes!
CORii:
I'm new on Team Gwen,
so I feel like
I have a lot extra to prove.
Kristen has a really,
really strong voice.
And Kara is like a force,
so a lot of competition,
for sure.
Gwen: I'm excited, CORii.
You did so well
where I was like,
"She deserved for me
to steal her."
Gwen: CORii is just
an amazing powerhouse singer.
We don't really have
a lot of singers like her.
So, you picked this song.
This is definitely one of
my favorite songs of all time.
It's "Ain't It Fun"
by Paramore.
* Well, I don't mind *
I've always looked up
to Hayley Williams
because she has that edge,
but she also has
that R&B in her as well.
And that's kind of
how I see myself.
The lyrics that
I relate to the most
is the "Don't go crying
to your mama."
I talk to my mom
three to five times a day.
She worked really hard
to take me to singing lessons.
The one thing I want
my son to learn
is no matter
what he chooses to do,
I will be behind him
no matter what.
* 'Cause you're on your own *
CORii -- I just found her
to be striving for excellence.
I can tell when somebody's
really, really wanting it.
Like, it means
everything to her.
* In the real world *
Wow.
Wow!
I'm blown away by your voice
and your conviction.
But I would just say,
just try to relax a little bit
because it's just too much
of a good thing all at once.
And as a mom, I know
we're giving it all we've got
in that two minutes,
'cause that's what we do.
We show up
and we show out.
Yeah.
But then there's also a time
to relax and enjoy your journey.
Yeah, have fun.
Paramore is
so alternative,
and you're singing it
in a pop way, right?
With the runs
and everything.
It's distracting me
from the lyric.
To me, I would be like
* Ain't it fun? *
Like it's sarcastic.
"This sucks, actually."
You know what I mean?
You got this.
CORii -- she's a powerhouse,
and she's going to push me
to come swinging even harder,
you know?
Gotta [Clicks tongue]
Well, what did you choose
to sing for us?
I chose "Leave (Get Out)"
by JoJo.
I'm R&B, but it has, like,
a pop flair to it, as well.
* I've been waiting all day
for ya, bae *
This song is about
telling somebody
to get out of your life.
They're not treating you the way
that you deserve to be treated.
I can relate to it
because I've been through
the same thing.
* You said that you would
treat me right *
* But you was
just a waste of time *
I was in that relationship
four years.
I wanted what I saw
for us so bad,
but it was breaking me,
so I had to let go.
It was tough,
but look at me now.
[ Clicks tongue ]
[ Vocalizing ]
-Yeah!
-Wow!
[ Applause ]
I mean, you are so good.
Thank you.
But it wasn't
until the chorus
that you really started
to lock in.
Okay.
Get real in a way
that's not about performing,
and let me hear it.
Yeah.
I want it to be so believable
that I feel every word
that you're saying
because you're honest.
What if you weren't
on "The Voice"
and you were singing it
in your bedroom?
* Won't you come and sit
and talk to me? *
Whoo!
* And tell me
how we're gonna be... *
I think Kara is not aware of
how gifted she is.
* Get out *
Wynonna: Towards the end,
I felt like she really
blossomed.
* ...you and me *
Gwen: Kara, I adore her.
She technically can do
so much with her voice.
She has a big range,
she has this realness to her,
and it was
a really cool performance.
[ Vocalizing ]
Gwen: Yummy!
Halle-freaking-lujah!
It's like, just,
we got to see you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Well done.
CORii and Kara,
they're nailing it.
I mean, they're up
in the rafters.
They're doing all the runs,
so there is an intimidating
factor in that.
But I really want
to get to playoffs.
So, I have to just
sing my booty off.
So, I'm doing
"This One's for the Girls"
by Martina McBride.
This one was always one
that I loved.
Just looking at the verse
with being 13 and everything.
I was the 13-year-old
with the bad haircut,
but I'm also,
when I'm not here,
I'm a singing teacher back home,
and I teach a lot of girls.
My youngest student's
4 years old...
I love that.
...and my oldest
female student's in her 50s.
Oh, my goodness.
* This is for all... *
From the time they're kids,
I grow these relationships
with them.
They come with --
they're wanting advice,
and I'm trying to help them
accomplish their dreams.
And this song makes me think
of them every single time.
Hi, Miss Kristen! I'm so excited
you're on "The Voice"!
Okay, Coach Kristen,
you got this.
You're going to do amazing.
Deep breaths.
* Stand your ground *
So, it's for all
the girls out there.
I really hope they can hear
my heart when I'm singing it
and it's going to be a way
for us to connect.
* This one's for the girls *
Gwen: Kristen is really
the full-deal package.
She really turns into a star
when she's singing.
Performance-wise,
she's really learned a lot
about not taking it too far,
and she feels it
when she's singing it.
I think she has
so much potential.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you.
I'm exhausted.
I cried.
So, there's not a girl
on the planet
that doesn't feel like
she's still 13, in a way.
I'm going to ask you to
at least once or twice
look into the camera,
because you're
singing an anthem,
so you're singing
to every girl out there.
Try to think about how people
are going to relate
to your humanness
as a girl more.
Taylor's really good at this
in the way
that she writes her songs.
It shows with stadiums
full of girls that are like,
"I relate to you
and how you're saying this,
your view," right?
Mm-hmm.
Less performer, more passion
towards talking to the women
and the girls out there.
She just has such great
instincts and stuff,
and she's country,
and this is a country song.
You're country.
I'm a fake Okie, like...
[ Laughter ]
Not anymore.
I think you've earned it.
You're one of us now, Gwen.
I do wonder about these nails
in Oklahoma, though.
Yeah, they get a lot
of attention in Oklahoma.
Well done, my dear.
Well done.
You guys
all did so good.
Thanks!
I think I'm overwhelmed
by the talent.
A lot of times I'm like...
because it's just how I felt.
It's extraordinary.
Today was
the coolest day ever.
Wynonna: It would be tough
for me to have to make a choice
because I'm such a heart person.
Gwen, good luck.
I don't know
how you're going to do it.
Kara: [ Whispering ]
Good job, ladies!
[ Laughter ]
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the knockouts
at Universal Studios Hollywood.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Alright, CORii, bring it.
Great song.
With "Ain't It Fun,"
here's CORii.
**
* Well, I don't mind *
* Letting you down easy,
but just give it time *
* If it don't hurt now,
then just wait *
* Just wait a while *
* You're not the big fish
in the pond no more *
* Well, you are
what they're feeding on *
* So what are you gonna do *
* When the world don't orbit
around you? *
* Oh, ahhhh *
* So what are you gonna do *
* When the world don't orbit
around you? *
* Well, ahh, ahh *
* Ain't it fun *
* Living in the real world? *
* Well, ain't it good *
* Being all alone? *
* Well, ain't it good
to be on your own? *
* Ain't it fun
you can't count on no one? *
* Ain't it good
to be on your own? *
* Ain't it fun
you can't count on no one? *
* Ain't it fun *
* Living in the real world? *
* Well, ain't it fun?
Ain't it fun? *
* Baby, now you're one of us *
* Ain't it fun?
Ain't it fun? *
* Don't go crying to your mama *
* 'Cause you're on your own
in the real world *
* Whoa, yeah, yeah, yeah *
* Whoa, oh *
* You're on your own
in the real wooooorld *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Whoo!
Let's go, Kara!
Now, with "Leave (Get Out),"
here's Kara Tenae.
**
Whoo! Bring it!
* I've been waiting all day
for you, bae *
* So won't cha come and sit
and talk to me *
* And tell me how
we're gonna be together always *
* Hope you know that
when it's late at night *
* I hold on to my pillow tight *
* And think of how
you promised me forever *
* I never thought that anyone *
* Could make me feel this way *
* Now that you're here,
boy, all I want *
* No *
* Is just a chance to say *
* Get out, right now *
Yes!
* It's the end of you and me *
* It's too late *
* And I can't wait
for you to be gone *
* 'Cause I know about her *
* And I wonder
how I bought all the lies *
* You said that you would
treat me right *
* But you was
just a waste of time *
* I gave up everything I had *
* On something
that just wouldn't last *
* But I refuse to cry *
* No tears will fall
from these eyes *
* Ohhhh, oh *
* Get oooooooout *
* You and me, yeah *
Wow!
* Be gone *
* 'Cause I know about her *
* And I wonder
how I bought all the liiies *
Whoo!
* Just a waste of time *
* Ooooh *
* Oh *
* Oh, ohhh *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Niall: Very good.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the knockouts.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Now singing
"This One's for the Girls,"
here's Kristen Brown.
**
* This is for all you girls
about 13 *
* High school can be so rough *
* It can be so mean *
Yeah!
* Hold onto,
onto your innocence *
* Stand your ground *
Whoo!
* When everybody's giving in *
* This one's for the girls *
* Who've ever had
a broken heart *
* Who've wished
upon a shooting star *
* You're beautiful
the way you are *
* This one's for the girls *
* Yeah, we're all
the same inside *
* Same inside *
* From 1 to 99 *
* This one's for the girls *
* Who've ever had
a broken heart *
* Who've wished
upon a shooting star *
* You're beautiful
the way you are *
* This one's for the girls *
* Who love
without holding back *
* Who dream
with everything they have *
* All around the world *
* This one's for the girls *
* This is for all the girls *
Gwen: Whoo!
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Wow, wow, wow.
CORii, you have
such a powerful voice.
I was a little bit concerned
about that song
not matching
your voice perfectly,
but you still sounded great.
It was so good.
Thank you.
Kara, you really look
like a star up there.
And I just believe you
as an artist.
Like, you belong
on this stage.
Thank you, John.
And, Kristen,
you're so good.
Even just the little twang
you had in your voice,
it sounded amazing.
There was a moment
where it felt like
you lost your way
a little bit.
I don't know if you got,
like...
I got a little emotional.
...emotional.
[ Laughs ] Yeah.
Yeah.
Whatever the case, like, you're
clearly such a good singer.
I think you're really great.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Reba:
Ladies, great job.
Y'all look great
up there on stage.
CORii, I think that song
was perfect for your voice,
and I'm very proud of you.
I think you've come a long way
since the blind auditions.
Kara, I think
you're a great singer.
You look wonderful.
Your stage presence is great.
And, Kristen,
I loved your song.
I just think it's hard
to sing soft after singing loud.
So, that was a very gutsy choice
on your part.
I think I'd pick CORii.
Oh. Thanks, Reba.
[ Applause ]
Kara, yeah,
I love that song.
The way you told the story,
as well, it was brilliant.
And the way you played around
the backing vocals
on the track
were phenomenal.
And, Kristen, I've really
felt that emotion.
I could see you singing to
this little girl down the front,
and it was really like,
"This one's for the girls."
It was a proper message.
I honestly didn't care that
you lost the plot afterwards.
I've always been
a fan of Kristen,
so I'm going to stick
with Kristen.
Daly: Thank you, coaches.
Gwen, give us your thoughts
on the knockout.
CORii, even though
you always want to be on 10,
because you can...
[ Laughter ]
...I could see
you holding back.
And I don't mean that
in a bad way.
Like, I mean that
in a good way.
I've just really enjoyed
watching you grow
right before my eyes.
Aw, thank you.
Kara, you're so good at being
able to be dynamic on stage.
I mean, your swag,
your attitude.
I was like,
"What is happening?
Like, yes.
Bring it!"
Thank you.
I adore Kristen.
Like, I did notice
that second half vocally
wasn't your sweet,
sweet spot,
but I didn't care,
because if I were a girl,
like, I would relate
to you right there.
So, this makes it
really difficult,
because all three of you
are so good at being you.
And, like,
how do I choose one you?
Gwen,
the time has come.
This is so bad.
I hate this so much.
Who is the winner
of this knockout?
**
Oh, shoot.
I'm just going to go
with who I think
won this knockout tonight.
And I'm going to go ahead
and say that,
Kara,
you won this knockout.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Congratulations, Kara.
You are moving on
to the playoffs.
Kara really rose
to the occasion.
She was just so swaggy
and had so much attitude.
The way that she delivered
the lyric just felt believable.
You did so good.
Thank you.
I'm so excited for my team
going into the playoffs.
I think I might have the winner
on my team this year.
Kara:
I'm just so grateful.
I'm going to playoffs.
Let's go, Team Gwen.
Aaah!
Coaches, let me remind you,
CORii is available to steal.
CORii, anything you'd like
to say to Gwen?
I am so just thankful
that Reba believed in me
and then you believed in me.
And I just really appreciate
you taking me out
of my comfort zone.
I just hate it that CORii
had to go home.
I thought she did a great job.
The farther along we get,
it's making it even harder
to let people go.
But the best are rising
like cream on the top.
Coaches,
let me remind you,
Kristen is also available
to steal.
Kristen, anything you want
to say to Gwen?
This experience has been
a once-in-a-lifetime thing.
I get to go back home
to my students
and tell them, "Okay,
let's get to work to" --
John's heard enough!
That's a steal!
No, no, no!
What the heck?!
I finally used my steal
on Kristen.
She's been so good
throughout all the rounds
of the competition.
I know she's going to do well
in the future.
Reba better watch out.
I got a country artist
on my team, too, and she's good.
Thank you so much.
Kristen: I'm going to playoffs.
Aah!
I'm so excited.
I was a little nervous,
I didn't know --
Oh, my God.
I'm excited, too.
Welcome to Team Legend.
Thank you!
[ Laughs ]
[ Whispering ] Legend!
**